Tools used in the code:
Guna.UI-Framework-Lib-master.v1.9.0.1
Krypton-master

link video: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XXYAgWri1f2Dfny9Mpk3z5Q7Fp2a8egH/view?usp=sharing
git link: https://github.com/ahmed55mo/Image-Filters-Processing.git

Accessing the Code and Filters:
Open the Solution File (.sln)
Once the solution is opened, navigate to the .h file where the code for the filters and modifications is located.
This .h file contains all the necessary code for implementing the filters mentioned in the instructions.

Using the Available Filters:
Each filter is associated with a button in the graphical user interface (GUI) of the program.
To apply a specific filter, simply click on the corresponding button as described in the 

here is an "Add" button to add a new image.
The "Save" button is used to save the image after applying the filters.
The "Clear" button removes all filters from the image.
The "Delete" button deletes all images and applied filters.


Available filters and how to activate them:

Grayscale: Click on the "Grayscale" button to apply the filter to the image.
MergeImages: When clicking on the "Merge" button, a window will prompt you to input first image, then the second image, with the ability to control image merging and specify the color.
BlackWhite: Click on the "BlackWhite" button to directly apply the filter to the image.
Flip: Upon clicking the "Flip" button, two buttons "Horizontal" and "Vertical" will appear. Click on either of them to apply the filter to the image.
Crop: Click on the "Crop" button, a window will ask you to enter the starting point on the x-axis and y-axis
the width, and the height of the crop. Enter this data and then click "OK" to apply the filter.
DarkenAndLighten: When clicking on the "DarkenAndLighten" button, two buttons "Darken" and "Lighten" will appear. Click on either of them to apply the filter.
DetectImageEdges: Click on the "DetectImageEdges" button to apply the filter to the image.
Resize: Upon clicking the "Resize" button, a window will prompt you to enter the new width and height for the image. Then click "OK" to apply the filter.
Inverter: Click on the "Invert" button to apply the filter to the image.
Sunlight: Click on the "Sun Light" button to apply the filter to the image.
Rotate Image: Click the "Rotate Image" button to rotate the image by 90, 180, or 270 degrees.
Adding a Frame: Click the "Adding a Frame" button to add a frame to the image.
Blue: Click the "Blue" button to apply a blue filter to the image.
Infrared Mode: Click the "Infrared Mode" button to apply an infrared filter to the image.
Oil Painted: Click the "Oil Painted" button to apply an oil painting effect to the image.
Color Grading: Click the "Color Grading" button to apply a color grading filter to the image.
Saturation: Click the "Saturation" button to apply a Saturation filter to the image.



